Update Sysdig Teams Operator Build to Push to Dockerhub (#738)
BCDevOps/platform-services: monitoring/sysdig/operator/readme.md

```

## Build Process

> GitHub Actions will create a new clean build in the OCP3.11 LAB from whatever branch changes are pushed to. Upon push to master, this build will take place in the OCP3.11 Pathfinder Prod Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Actions will create a new clean build and push it to the Platform Services DockerHub Account with a `lab` tag  from whatever branch changes are pushed to. Upon push to master, github actions will build a new copy with a `prod` tag and push the image to the Platform Services DockerHub Account.
```

This should be good to merge. I just thought I'd get the docs change in at the same time.
